 Here we go, guys. Are you ready? We are getting ready to install a 2-inch Skyjack or
 lift kit on our brand new Jeep Willy's JK. You see it right there behind me. I love
 this Jeep. It's the right color. It's awesome. All Jeep should be yellow. We're going
 to be putting again a 2-inch Skyjack or spring space or lift kit. We're going to do some
 other upgrades. The goal is to get 35-inch tires under this vehicle and not having
 any rubbing. I've already got the wheels. I'm really excited to share that with you too. And
 I will bring in you guys along. I'm an amateur. I have no experience doing this. And if I can
 do it, anybody can do it. And I am looking forward to showing you how to do this. And all of
 the wonderful pitfalls that you can avoid in your own install as you try this at your
 own garage. Alright, so here we go. Very first problem already encountered. During the unboxing,
 the Skyjack or lift kit did not come with instructions. So a simple search online, download,
 download, and print those out. I'll include a link in the description as well as the actual
 part number. And I'll link to where you can get the kit that I have purchased. Here's what
 I have so far. So right now I have all the hardware, the bump stops, the bump stop brackets,
 the front and rear coil spring spacers, as well as the black mask shocks that come with
 the kit. I also went ahead and purchased from Rugged Ridge for about 10 bucks or so, an
 install exhaust extension kit. From my reading that we may need that when we actually install
 the lift to ensure that we don't allow the exhaust to contact to be drive shaft housing, we don't
 want to melt anything under there. So this is just in case, we'll put it on if we need to once
 we get the kit installed. So that being said, let me go get my instructions that I am in process
 of printing off and we will get started in actual installation. And I'm back and unfortunately,
 I did not record the installation or at least a recording didn't work. But we have got the
 two-inch Sky Jacker lift kit installed, we've also got the front shocks installed. And we've
 even gone so far as to add in the smitty build tubular side steps just because we've now
 got about in about two inches of lift or going to add another two and a half inches of tire on top
 of that. So we'll need a little bit of a side step rather than the original rock rails. So a
 couple of notes to make on the installation. When you're putting in the rear or the front
 spacers, make sure to seat those correctly before you lift up the axle. I had mine a little
 cock-eyed so to speak and had to drop the axle again and reset it. So do make sure that you got
 all that straight. Make sure that you tighten up all of the bolts. The entire process from in
 it took me right at about nine hours which again I'm an amateur and it's funny because the
 installation instructions that I did find for Sky Jacker say that that it's pretty difficult and
 stall and the tear flex leveling kit which does basically exactly the same thing says that it's a
 super simple install. Well I guess it is if you have the right materials a couple of things that you're
 going to want to make sure that you know one you're going to need more than one jack. You're going
 to need some decent jack stands and you're going to need something that can jack up that front
 or the rear of the vehicle pretty high in order to be able to raise the frame high enough off the
 ground that you can then drop the axle low enough to pull out the springs both front and rear.
 My problem was actually in the rear. The front of the the Jeep had no real problem set and some
 relatively small jack stands with some extensions on those which you get probably not the safest way
 to do it but it's really got it on there. Once we got it on got the front jack that wasn't really
 that big of a deal. Also if you pay attention to any other videos that you'll find on YouTube that the
 front track bar is taking in a part really doesn't matter how low the axle is you can get that
 apart with a little bit of arm also get that part no problem. Getting it to back together though
 it's pretty difficult if it's sitting in the air and the axle is at full-group you're going to
 make sure that you put the wheels entire back on it and sit it back on the ground and then you may
 even what I had to do is actually jack up one side of the the Jeep in order to get the
 track more arm to fit back through the the holes that are there both front and rear in the rear
 had to jack up the opposite side and the front I had to jack up this the side that the connection
 point was on your mileage on that may vary and I'll believe that up to you but just do keep in
 mind you're going to need at least two jacks at least I needed two jacks and two jacks stands
 I would have like to have four jacks stands just for a little extra safety but we did get it
 on there and you're going to make sure that you lift it up high enough again that you can lower
 that the springs lower the the axle low enough that the springs can come out and remember that
 you're going to be putting a two inch spacer in there so when you put the two inch spacer in you're
 going to have to have that axle at least two inches lower than it was when you pulled them out
 in order to get it to go back in so you're going a lot of space to make absolutely sure
 that you you check all of the brake lines all of the hose is anything that's connected to that
 axle that you're going to make sure is disconnected although the hose is in wires and so forth
 you don't have to disconnect the control arms but I had an extra tube in there that I missed and it
 got pretty tall before I realized it and was able to jack the axle backed up and disconnected properly
 do make sure of that and also just one other note I'm going to show you here in just a second
 the the brake line brackets that it says to remove there are two sets of brackets in the front
 especially going to make sure that you undo both sets of brackets one is actually a
 on the the side of the Jeep under the fender one is actually on the the wheel or the
 the the axle itself and so I'll show you that real quick see if you can see under here you
 probably can the front top one bracket is here the other bracket is actually down and get up
 under here you show you one bracket is actually down here and you have to disconnect both brackets
 in order for it to actually work I'll actually try to get some still shots of exactly what
 there's brackets with like so that you know where they are both over just one one till a minute
 10 millimeter screw you just take that out and bolt rather and you take that out and then the bracket
 is actually only axle actually has a pivot point that you can just pull that out and it'll it'll just
 hang there by the you don't have to disconnect the brake lines but I don't hang there and one last point
 of note that I likely will be getting some brake line extensions the brake lines that are in there
 at full-drew are very tight they they work for now especially driving on the road which is mostly
 what I'm going to be doing in the near term but you will want to replace those or I'm going to
 replace the brake lines with some brake line extensions just to make sure that I have plenty of
 extra space in the event that I do get those access fluid articulated best of luck to you also
 again I'm going to post some screenshots or some some photos of all the different pieces that we put
 on and hope to see you back again soon thank you much oh yeah bonus material number one
 I have to have the front shocks on I do not have the back shocks on the reason that I
 don't is because when I've pressed in the the bushing into the back shock for the top mount
 actually toward the rubber bushing so I'm going to have to get another one before I can put the
 on the front to press on so you can only press in these bushings on some kind of press I don't have
 a press again and I'm sure here I used a VICE and for the lower connection points of all those
 shocks is really not a big deal you take the rubber bushing to put the little metal from it
 piece in there and it just kind of used the VICE as a press to press it in just make sure that you get
 everything straight and go slow and it will go in there and I have lots of success in doing that
 in the past for those top pieces there up there a little odd shape so once I get a replacement
 bushing then I will show you how to do that and hopefully that will help you for those folks
 don't have the right tools it's not something like that
